abacus abacuses
abandon abandoned
abash abashed
abduct abducted
abhor abhorred
abject abjection
abolish abolished
abolition abolitionism
abort aborted
abound abounded
abscess abscessed
abscond absconded
abrupt abrupter
absent absented
absentee absenteeism
absolute absolutely
abstain abstained
abstract abstracted
abstruse abstrusely
absurd absurder
abyss abyssal
accent accented
access accessed
accident accidental
acclaim acclaimed
accompany accompanying
accomplish accomplished
accost accosted
accouter accoutered
accustom accustomed
acid acidic
acidify acidifying
acrid acrider
acrobat acrobatic
active actively
actress actresses
acute acutely
addict addicted
adjoin adjoined
adjourn adjourned
administer administered
admix admixed
admonish admonished
adorn adorned
adsorb adsorbed
adverse adversely
advert adverted
affection affectionate
affix affixed
afflict afflicted
affluent affluently
affront affronted
agile agilely
agrarian agrarianism
airlift airlifted
airmail airmailed
alarm alarmed
albatross albatrosses
albumin albuminous
alcohol alcoholic
alert alerted
algebra algebraic
algorithm algorithmic
alias aliased
alibi alibied
alight alighted
align aligned
alkali alkalies
allay allayed
alloy alloyed
alumnus alumnuses
amalgam amalgamate
amass amassed
ambush ambushed
amount amounted
amplify amplifying
anarchist anarchistic
ancient ancienter
angelfish angelfishes
anger angered
anguish anguished
animadvert animadverted
anion anionic
anise aniseed
anneal annealed
anoint anointed
antagonist antagonistic
antigen antigenic
antiquarian antiquarianism
anxious anxiously
apex apexes
apparatus apparatuses
apparel appareled
appeal appealed
appendix appendixes
appertain appertained
applaud applauded
apply applying
appoint appointed
apportion apportioned
apprehend apprehended
archipelago archipelagoes
ardent ardently
arduous arduously
arid aridity
aristocrat aristocratic
armor armored
armour armoured
arms armsful
array arrayed
arrest arrested
asinine asininely
asphalt asphalted
assault assaulted
assent assented
assert asserted
assess assessed
assort assorted
astonish astonished
astound astounded
astronaut astronautic
astute astutely
atheist atheistic
atom atomic
attack attacked
attempt attempted
auction auctioned
audit audited
augur augured
august auguster
aural aurally
austere austerely
author authored
authoritarian authoritarianism
autocrat autocratic
autumn autumnal
avert averted
avid avidity
avocado avocadoes
avouch avouched
avow avowal
await awaited
awaken awakened
award awarded
awful awfuller
awkward awkwarder
axial axially
backbench backbencher
badger badgered
badmouth badmouthed
bags bagsful
bait baited
bald balded
balk balked
ballast ballasted
ballet balletic
balloon ballooned
ballot balloted
balls ballsed
bane baneful
bang banged
banjo banjoes
bankroll bankrolled
banquet banqueted
banter bantered
baptism baptismal
barbarian barbarianism
barber barbered
barefoot barefooted
barf barfed
bargain bargained
bark barked
barkeep barkeeper
barrack barracked
barren barrener
barter bartered
bash bashed
basin basinful
bask basked
bass basses
batch batched
batten battened
batter battered
baulk baulked
bawl bawled
bayonet bayoneted
beak beaked
beam beamed
beatify beatifying
beauteous beauteously
beautify beautifying
beaver beavered
becalm becalmed
becloud beclouded
bedaub bedaubed
bedeck bedecked
bedevil bedeviled
bedim bedimmed
beech beeches
beep beeped
befall befallen
befog befogged
befoul befouled
befriend befriended
beggar beggared
behavior behavioral
behaviour behavioural
behead beheaded
bejewel bejeweled
belabor belabored
belabour belaboured
belch belched
beleaguer beleaguered
bellow bellowed
belong belonged
belt belted
bemoan bemoaned
bench benched
benefit benefited
benign benignant
benumb benumbed
bequeath bequeathed
berth berthed
beseech beseeched
beseem beseemed
besmear besmeared
besmirch besmirched
bespatter bespattered
bespeak bespeaking
best bested
bestial bestiality
bestir bestirred
bestow bestowal
bethink bethinking
betoken betokened
betray betrayal
betroth betrothal
better bettered
bevel beveled
bewail bewailed
bewilder bewildered
bewitch bewitched
bias biased
biceps bicepses
bicker bickered
biennial biennially
bilk bilked
billet billeted
billow billowed
birch birched
bitch bitched
bitter bitterer
bizarre bizarrely
blab blabbed
blabber blabbered
blackball blackballed
blacken blackened
blackjack blackjacked
blacklist blacklisted
blackmail blackmailed
blanch blanched
blandish blandished
blank blanked
blanket blanketed
blarney blarneyed
blast blasted
blather blathered
blazon blazoned
bleach bleached
bleat bleated
blemish blemished
blench blenched
blend blended
bless blessed
blether blethered
blight blighted
blind blinded
blindfold blindfolded
blink blinked
bliss blissful
blister blistered
blithe blithely
blither blithering
blitz blitzed
bloat bloated
blob blobbed
bloom bloomed
blossom blossomed
blowtorch blowtorches
blub blubbed
blubber blubbered
bludgeon bludgeoned
bluefish bluefishes
blueprint blueprinted
blunt blunted
blush blushed
bluster blustered
board boarded
boast boasted
boat boated
bogey bogeyed
bohemian bohemianism
boil boiled
bollix bollixed
bolster bolstered
bolt bolted
bombast bombastic
bongo bongoes
bonk bonked
bonus bonuses
bookmark bookmarked
boomer boomerang
boost boosted
bootleg bootlegged
border bordered
borrow borrowed
boss bossed
botch botched
bottom bottomed
bracket bracketed
braid braided
brainstorm brainstormed
brainwash brainwashed
brand branded
brandish brandished
brawl brawled
bray brayed
brazen brazened
breach breached
breadbox breadboxes
breakfast breakfasted
breastfeed breastfeeding
breech breeches
brew brewed
brim brimful
brisk brisked
broach broached
broadcast broadcasted
broaden broadened
broil broiled
brooch brooches
brood brooded
brook brooked
browbeat browbeaten
brown browned
bruit bruited
brunch brunched
brush brushed
bucket bucketed
buffer buffered
buffet buffeted
bugger buggered
bulk bulked
bulletproof bulletproofed
bully bullying
bump bumped
bumptious bumptiously
bunch bunched
bunco buncoed
bunk bunked
bunko bunkoed
bunt bunted
burden burdened
bureaucrat bureaucratic
burnish burnished
burp burped
burrow burrowed
burst bursted
bury burying
bush bushed
bushwhack bushwhacked
buss bussed
bust busted
button buttoned
buttress buttressed
cactus cactuses
cadaver cadaverous
calculus calculuses
calendar calendared
calico calicoes
callous calloused
calm calmed
campaign campaigned
campus campuses
cancer cancerous
canker cankered
canter cantered
canton cantonal
canvass canvassed
canyon canyoning
caparison caparisoned
caper capered
capitalist capitalistic
caption captioned
captious captiously
carcass carcasses
carcinogen carcinogenic
careen careened
career careered
careful carefuller
caress caressed
cargo cargoes
carnal carnality
cartoon cartooned
casework caseworker
cashier cashiered
casual casually
catalog cataloged
catapult catapulted
caterwaul caterwauled
catfish catfishes
catnap catnapped
caucus caucused
cautious cautiously
cavern cavernous
cavil caviled
cavort cavorted
cement cemented
censor censored
census censused
certify certifying
cervix cervixes
chaff chaffed
chagrin chagrined
chain chained
chair chaired
chamber chambered
champion championed
channel channeled
chant chanted
chariot charioteer
charlatan charlatanism
charm charmed
chart charted
charter chartered
chaste chastely
chasten chastened
chauffeur chauffeured
cheat cheated
cheep cheeped
cheer cheered
cheerful cheerfuller
cherish cherished
chest chested
chew chewed
chicken chickened
chili chilies
chill chilled
chink chinked
chirp chirped
chirrup chirruped
chivvy chivvying
chivy chivying
chomp chomped
chopper choppered
chorus chorused
christen christened
chuck chucked
chug chugged
chum chummed
chunk chunked
church churches
churn churned
cinch cinched
cinder cindered
cipher ciphered
circuit circuital
circumspect circumspection
circus circuses
citrus citruses
clack clacked
clamber clambered
clamor clamored
clamour clamoured
clandestine clandestinely
clang clanged
clangor clangorous
clapboard clapboarded
clarify clarifying
clash clashed
clasp clasped
class classed
classic classical
classify classifying
clatter clattered
claw clawed
clench clenched
cleric clerical
clerk clerked
clever cleverer
clew clewed
climax climaxed
clinch clinched
clinic clinical
clink clinked
cloak cloaked
clobber clobbered
clock clocked
clog clogged
clomp clomped
clop clopped
clout clouted
clown clowned
cloy cloyed
cluck clucked
clump clumped
clunk clunked
cluster clustered
clutch clutched
clutter cluttered
coal coaled
coarse coarsely
coat coated
cockroach cockroaches
cocoon cocooned
codfish codfishes
coffin coffined
coif coifed
coil coiled
color colorant
colossus colossuses
colour colourant
comic comical
commando commandoes
communist communistic
compartment compartmental
compel compelled
complain complainant
complex complexes
complexion complexional
comport comported
computer computerate
comrade comradely
concave concavely
conceit conceited
concept conception
concern concerned
concert concerted
concise concisely
concoct concocted
concur concurred
condescend condescended
condo condoes
confab confabbed
confection confectioner
confess confessed
confession confessional
conflict conflicted
confound confounded
congeal congealed
congest congested
congress congresses
congruent congruently
conic conical
conjoin conjoined
conk conked
conscious consciously
conscript conscripted
consensus consensuses
consent consented
conservation conservationism
consign consigned
consist consisted
consort consorted
constrain constrained
constrict constricted
construct constructed
consumer consumerism
contemn contemned
contend contended
content contented
continent continental
contort contorted
contour contoured
contract contracted
contradict contradicted
contrarian contrarianism
contrast contrasted
contrite contritely
controvert controverted
convert converted
convex convexity
convict convicted
copyright copyrighted
cordial cordiality
cordon cordoned
corkscrew corkscrewed
corner cornered
correspond corresponded
corrupt corrupted
corset corseted
cortex cortexes
cosmopolitan cosmopolitanism
cosmos cosmoses
cosset cosseted
cotton cottoned
couch couched
cough coughed
counsel counseled
counterfeit counterfeited
countermand countermanded
countervail countervailed
countess countesses
courage courageous
courier couriered
court courted
courteous courteously
covet coveted
cower cowered
crab crabbed
craft crafted
cram crammed
cramp cramped
crash crashed
crater cratered
crawfish crawfishes
crawl crawled
creak creaked
cream creamed
creation creationism
creative creatively
crest crested
crew crewed
cricket cricketer
crimp crimped
crimson crimsoned
crisscross crisscrossed
critic critical
croak croaked
crochet crocheted
crook crooked
croon crooned
crossbreed crossbreeding
crotch crotches
crouch crouched
crowd crowded
crown crowned
crucial crucially
crucifix crucifixes
crucify crucifying
crude crudely
crunch crunched
crush crushed
crutch crutches
crux cruxes
crystal crystalize
cubic cubical
cudgel cudgeled
cuff cuffed
cull culled
cumber cumbered
cunning cunninger
cupid cupidity
cups cupsful
curb curbed
curious curiously
curl curled
current currently
curtain curtained
curtsey curtseyed
curtsy curtsying
cushion cushioned
cuss cussed
cute cutely
cutlass cutlasses
cynic cynical
cypher cyphered
cypress cypresses
cytoplasm cytoplasmic
dais daises
dally dallying
damask damasked
damp damped
dampen dampened
dang danged
danger dangerous
dapper dapperer
darn darned
daub daubed
daunt daunted
dawn dawned
daydream daydreamed
deaden deadened
deadlock deadlocked
deadpan deadpanned
deathwatch deathwatches
debauch debauched
debit debited
decay decayed
deceit deceitful
decent decently
decor decorate
deduct deducted
deed deeded
deem deemed
defeat defeated
defect defected
defend defendant
definite definitely
deflect deflected
defraud defrauded
defray defrayal
defy defying
deign deigned
deject dejected
delay delayed
delusion delusional
demand demanded
democrat democratic
demolish demolished
demoniac demoniacal
deny denying
department departmental
depict depicted
deposit deposited
depress depressant
derelict dereliction
descend descendant
descry descrying
desert deserted
design designate
desist desisted
despair despaired
despatch despatched
desperado desperadoes
despot despotic
destroy destroyed
destruct destructed
detain detained
detract detracted
detriment detrimental
develop developed
development developmental
devil deviled
devious deviously
devour devoured
devout devouter
dextrous dextrously
diagram diagramed
diaper diapered
dicker dickered
differ differed
digest digested
digit digital
dignify dignifying
digress digressed
dimension dimensional
diminish diminished
dingdong dingdonged
dingo dingoes
dinner dinnered
director directorate
dirty dirtying
discern discerned
discomfit discomfited
discreet discreeter
discrete discretely
discus discuses
discuss discussant
disdain disdained
disembowel disemboweled
disgust disgusted
dishevel disheveled
disillusion disillusioned
dismal dismally
dismember dismembered
dismiss dismissal
disrupt disrupted
dissect dissected
dissent dissented
distinct distincter
distort distorted
distract distracted
ditch ditched
dither dithered
ditto dittoed
diurnal diurnally
divert diverted
division divisional
docile docilely
dock docked
docket docketed
doctor doctoral
dodder doddered
dogleg doglegged
dollop dolloped
domineer domineered
domino dominoes
dong donged
doom doomed
doss dossed
doubt doubted
dovetail dovetailed
dowel doweled
dower dowered
drag dragged
dragoon dragooned
drat dratted
dread dreaded
drench drenched
drift drifted
drill drilled
drip dripped
drivel driveled
drool drooled
droop drooped
drouth drouthes
drown drowned
drub drubbed
drug drugged
dubious dubiously
duchess duchesses
dumbfound dumbfounded
dump dumped
dunk dunked
duplex duplexes
dwarf dwarfed
dwell dwelled
eager eagerer
earmark earmarked
earn earned
eastern easterner
eavesdrop eavesdropped
echo echoed
edify edifying
effect effected
effete effetely
egalitarian egalitarianism
egotist egotistic
egress egresses
eject ejected
elbow elbowed
election electioneer
electrify electrifying
electron electronic
elegiac elegiacal
ellipsoid ellipsoidal
embargo embargoed
embarrass embarrassed
embellish embellished
embitter embittered
emblazon emblazoned
embolden emboldened
empty emptying
enamel enameled
enamor enamored
enamour enamoured
encroach encroached
encrypt encrypted
endanger endangered
endeavor endeavored
endeavour endeavoured
endow endowed
engine engineer
engulf engulfed
enliven enlivened
enrich enriched
enter entered
entertain entertained
enthusiast enthusiastic
entire entirely
entomb entombed
envenom envenomed
envious enviously
environment environmental
envision envisioned
epidermis epidermises
epoch epochal
equal equaled
equestrian equestrianism
erect erected
ersatz ersatzes
erudite eruditely
erupt erupted
eschew eschewed
escort escorted
esophagus esophaguses
espy espying
essay essayed
establish established
esteem esteemed
etch etched
ether ethereal
ethic ethical
eucalyptus eucalyptuses
evangelist evangelistic
even evened
event eventful
evict evicted
excel excelled
except excepted
excerpt excerpted
excess excesses
excrement excremental
execution executioner
exemplify exemplifying
exempt exempted
exert exerted
exhaust exhausted
exhibit exhibited
exhibition exhibitionism
exist existed
exit exited
exodus exoduses
expel expelled
experiment experimental
expression expressionism
expressionist expressionistic
exquisite exquisitely
extort extorted
extortion extortionate
extract extracted
extreme extremely
extrovert extroverted
exult exultant
eyeball eyeballed
eyeglass eyeglasses
eyelash eyelashes
eyewitness eyewitnesses
fabric fabricate
facet faceted
facial facially
facile facilely
factor factored
factual factually
faggot faggoting
fagot fagoting
fail failed
faint fainted
faith faithful
falcon falconer
fallow fallowed
falsify falsifying
falter faltered
famish famished
famous famously
fancy fancying
fantasy fantasying
farm farmed
farrow farrowed
fascist fascistic
fasten fastened
fatal fatalism
father fathered
fatten fattened
fatuous fatuously
fault faulted
fawn fawned
fear feared
feast feasted
fecund fecundate
feign feigned
feint feinted
felt felted
feminine femininely
fend fended
ferret ferreted
fervent fervently
fess fessed
fester festered
festive festively
fetch fetched
fetish fetishes
fetter fettered
fetus fetuses
fever fevered
fiasco fiascoes
fiction fictional
ficus ficuses
field fielded
fieldwork fieldworker
fierce fiercely
filament filamentous
filch filched
filet fileted
fill filled
fillet filleted
fillip filliped
film filmed
finch finches
fingerprint fingerprinted
finish finished
finite finitely
fink finked
firebomb firebombed
firelight firelighter
fiscal fiscally
fizz fizzed
flaccid flaccidity
flail flailed
flank flanked
flannel flanneled
flatten flattened
flatter flattered
flaunt flaunted
flavor flavored
flavour flavoured
flaw flawed
fleck flecked
fleet fleeted
flesh fleshed
flex flexed
flick flicked
flicker flickered
flimflam flimflammed
flinch flinched
fling flinging
flock flocked
flog flogged
flood flooded
floodlight floodlighted
flounder floundered
flour floured
flourish flourished
flout flouted
flub flubbed
fluff fluffed
flummox flummoxed
flunk flunked
flurry flurrying
flush flushed
flutter fluttered
flux fluxed
foal foaled
foam foamed
focal focally
focus focused
foetus foetuses
foil foiled
follow followed
fontanel fontanelle
fool fooled
football footballer
foray forayed
forbid forbidden
forecast forecasted
foreign foreigner
forfeit forfeited
forgather forgathered
forget forgetful
fork forked
format formation
forswear forswearing
fortify fortifying
fortress fortresses
forward forwarded
foster fostered
founder foundered
fowl fowled
fraction fractional
fractious fractiously
frank franked
freak freaked
freewheel freewheeled
freight freighted
frequent frequented
fresco frescoes
fret fretful
friction frictional
friend friended
fright frighted
frighten frightened
frigid frigidity
frill frilled
frisk frisked
fritter frittered
frizz frizzed
frontal frontally
froth frothed
frown frowned
fructify fructifying
frugal frugality
fuck fucked
fuel fueled
function functional
fungus funguses
funk funked
furbish furbished
furious furiously
furlough furloughed
furnish furnished
furrow furrowed
furtive furtively
futile futilely
futurist futuristic
gain gained
gainsay gainsayer
gallop galloped
gallows gallowses
ganglion ganglionic
garden gardened
garland garlanded
garner garnered
garnish garnished
garrison garrisoned
gash gashed
gasp gasped
gather gathered
gauche gauchely
gawk gawked
gawp gawped
gazump gazumped
geld gelded
gender gendered
genes geneses
genial geniality
genuflect genuflected
genuine genuinely
genus genuses
ghetto ghettoes
ghost ghosted
gibber gibbered
gibbet gibbeted
gift gifted
gild gilded
gimp gimped
ginkgo ginkgoes
gird girded
glacial glacially
glamour glamoured
gland glandes
gleam gleamed
glean gleaned
glimmer glimmered
glint glinted
glisten glistened
glitch glitched
gloat gloated
glorify glorifying
glorious gloriously
glow glowed
glower glowered
gnarl gnarled
gnash gnashed
gnaw gnawed
goad goaded
goddam goddamed
goddamn goddamned
goddess goddesses
goldbrick goldbricked
golden goldener
goldfish goldfishes
gorgeous gorgeously
gossip gossiped
government governmental
gown gowned
grab grabbed
gracious graciously
gradual gradualism
graft grafted
grain grained
grandfather grandfathered
grandiose grandiosely
grandstand grandstanded
grant granted
granular granularity
graph graphed
graphic graphical
grass grassed
gratify gratifying
gravel graveled
greet greeted
grey greyed
gridlock gridlocked
grievous grievously
groan groaned
grok grokked
groom groomed
gross grossed
grotesque grotesquely
grotto grottoes
grouch grouched
group grouped
grovel groveled
growl growled
grub grubbed
grunt grunted
guard guarded
guile guileful
gull gulled
gulp gulped
gush gushed
gutter guttered
gymnast gymnastic
hack hacked
hail hailed
hallmark hallmarked
hallow hallowed
halo haloed
halt halted
halter haltered
hammer hammered
hamper hampered
hamstring hamstringing
handcuff handcuffed
handicap handicapped
handpick handpicked
handsome handsomely
happen happened
harass harassed
harbor harbored
harbour harboured
harden hardened
hark harked
harken harkened
harm harmed
harp harped
harrow harrowed
harrumph harrumphed
harry harrying
harvest harvested
hash hashed
hasten hastened
hatbox hatboxes
haunch haunches
haunt haunted
hawk hawked
hazard hazarded
headdress headdresses
headquarter headquartered
heal healed
heap heaped
hearken hearkened
heartbreak heartbreaking
hearten heartened
heat heated
hector hectored
heel heeled
heft hefted
heinous heinously
heist heisted
helix helixes
help helped
herald heralded
herd herded
hero heroes
hexagon hexagonal
hiatus hiatuses
hiccup hiccuped
hideous hideously
highjack highjacked
highland highlander
highlight highlighted
hijack hijacked
hint hinted
hippopotamus hippopotamuses
hiss hissed
hitch hitched
hoard hoarded
hoarse hoarsely
hoax hoaxed
hobnob hobnobbed
hobo hoboes
hock hocked
hoist hoisted
holiday holidayed
holler hollered
hollo holloing
hollow hollowed
homer homered
homestead homesteaded
homework homeworker
honest honester
honeymoon honeymooned
honk honked
hood hooded
hoodwink hoodwinked
hoof hoofed
hoop hooped
hoover hoovered
hopscotch hopscotched
horrify horrifying
horseradish horseradishes
hostess hostessed
hostile hostilely
hotdog hotdogged
hotfoot hotfooted
hound hounded
houseclean housecleaned
household householder
housewife housewifely
howl howled
huckster huckstered
huff huffed
huge hugely
hulk hulking
humanist humanistic
humanitarian humanitarianism
humbug humbugged
humor humored
humour humoured
hunt hunted
hurl hurled
hurrah hurrahed
hurry hurrying
hurt hurtful
husband husbanded
hush hushed
husk husked
hutch hutches
huzza huzzaed
hydrogen hydrogenate
hymen hymeneal
hyphen hyphenate
ibex ibexes
icebox iceboxes
icon iconic
iconoclast iconoclastic
idealist idealistic
identify identifying
idiot idiotic
ignoramus ignoramuses
imbed imbedded
immature immaturely
immense immensely
impact impacted
impair impaired
impanel impaneled
impart imparted
impatiens impatienses
impel impelled
impend impended
imperialist imperialistic
imperil imperiled
impetus impetuses
impious impiously
imply implying
impolite impolitely
impound impounded
impoverish impoverished
imprecise imprecisely
impress impressed
impressionist impressionistic
imprint imprinted
imprison imprisoned
impugn impugned
impure impurely
inane inanely
inbreed inbreeding
inch inched
incident incidental
incomplete incompletely
increment incremental
incubus incubuses
incurs incursion
indefinite indefinitely
indemnify indemnifying
indirect indirection
individualist individualistic
infarct infarction
infect infected
inferior inferiority
infield infielder
infinite infinitely
inflect inflected
inflict inflicted
influx influxes
inform informal
ingest ingested
ingrain ingrained
inhibit inhibited
inject injected
inlay inlaying
innate innately
innuendo innuendoes
inopportune inopportunely
insane insanely
insecure insecurely
insert inserted
insight insightful
insincere insincerely
insipid insipidity
insist insisted
inspect inspected
inspector inspectorate
inspirit inspirited
instinct instinctive
instrument instrumental
insult insulted
intend intended
intense intensely
intensify intensifying
intent intention
intercept intercepted
interdict interdicted
interest interested
intern internal
interrupt interrupted
intersect intersected
intervention interventionism
intravenous intravenouses
intrench intrenched
intrepid intrepidity
intrust intrusted
invalid invalidate
inveigh inveighed
invent invented
inventory inventorying
inverse inversely
invest invested
irate irately
iris irises
irresolute irresolutely
irrupt irrupted
island islander
isolation isolationism
isthmus isthmuses
itch itched
jabber jabbered
jackass jackasses
jacket jacketed
jagged jaggeder
jaunt jaunted
jazz jazzed
jeer jeered
jell jelled
jellyfish jellyfishes
jerk jerked
jest jested
jettison jettisoned
jewel jeweled
jigger jiggered
jimmy jimmying
jinx jinxed
jitterbug jitterbugged
jocose jocosely
jocular jocularity
jocund jocundity
join joined
joint jointed
jolly jollying
jolt jolted
josh joshed
journalist journalistic
journey journeyed
joust jousted
jovial joviality
joyful joyfuller
joyous joyously
judder juddered
judgement judgemental
judgment judgmental
jump jumped
junk junked
junket junketed
jurist juristic
justify justifying
kaffeeklatsch kaffeeklatsches
kayo kayoed
keel keeled
keen keened
kennel kenneled
kerb kerbed
ketch ketches
keyboard keyboarded
kibbutz kibbutzes
kidnap kidnaped
kiln kilned
kindergarten kindergartener
kink kinked
knead kneaded
knell knelled
knight knighted
kohlrabi kohlrabies
kosher koshered
kowtow kowtowed
kvetch kvetched
label labeled
labour laboured
lacquer lacquered
ladder laddered
lallygag lallygagged
lamplight lamplighter
lampoon lampooned
languish languished
lard larded
lark larked
larynx larynxes
lash lashed
lass lasses
lasso lassoed
last lasted
latch latched
later lateral
lather lathered
launch launched
launder laundered
lavish lavished
layer layered
leach leached
lead leaded
leaflet leafleted
lean leaned
leap leaped
leapfrog leapfrogged
learn learned
leash leashed
leaven leavened
lecher lecherous
leech leeched
leer leered
lenient leniently
lessen lessened
lethal lethally
level leveled
lick licked
lift lifted
light lighted
lighten lightened
lightning lightninged
liken likened
lilt lilted
limn limned
limp limped
limpid limpidity
lineal lineally
linear linearity
lingo lingoes
linguist linguistic
lint linted
lipstick lipsticked
liquefy liquefying
liquid liquidate
liquify liquifying
liquor liquored
list listed
lithe lithely
lithograph lithographed
liven livened
loaf loafed
loan loaned
loathsome loathsomely
lobby lobbying
loft lofted
logarithm logarithmic
logic logical
loiter loitered
loll lolled
lonesome lonesomely
loom loomed
loop looped
loosen loosened
loot looted
lord lorded
loss losses
lotus lotuses
lour loured
louver louvered
loyal loyaler
lucid lucidity
luck lucked
luff luffed
lumber lumbered
lummox lummoxes
lurch lurched
lurk lurked
luscious lusciously
lust lusted
lustrous lustrously
lynch lynched
lynx lynxes
lyric lyrical
macaroni macaronies
mackintosh mackintoshes
madden maddened
magic magical
magnet magnetic
magnify magnifying
mailbox mailboxes
mainstream mainstreamed
majoritarian majoritarianism
malinger malingered
malt malted
maltreat maltreated
mandamus mandamuses
mango mangoes
maniac maniacal
manifesto manifestoes
manifold manifolded
manner mannered
manoeuver manoeuvered
manual manually
marathon marathoner
march marched
margin marginal
maroon marooned
marry marrying
martial martially
marvel marveled
mash mashed
mask masked
mason masonic
massive massively
mastermind masterminded
matriarch matriarchal
matrix matrixes
matter mattered
mattress mattresses
maul mauled
maunder maundered
mayor mayoral
meaning meaningful
meet meeting
megahertz megahertzes
meld melded
mellow mellowed
menial menially
mention mentioned
mentor mentored
mere merely
merit merited
mesh meshed
metaphor metaphoric
meteor meteoric
meter metered
metric metrical
metropolis metropolises
mewl mewled
mildew mildewed
militarist militaristic
milk milked
mimic mimicked
miner mineral
minor minored
mirror mirrored
mirth mirthful
misogynist misogynistic
miter mitered
moan moaned
moat moated
mock mocked
model modeled
modernist modernistic
modify modifying
moil moiled
molder moldered
molecular molecularity
mollify mollifying
molt molted
monarch monarchic
monger mongered
monitor monitored
monolith monolithic
monsoon monsoonal
monstrous monstrously
monument monumental
mooch mooched
moonlight moonlighted
moor moored
moot mooted
moralist moralistic
morass morasses
morbid morbidity
morose morosely
mortal mortality
mortify mortifying
mosey moseyed
mosquito mosquitoes
motion motioned
motto mottoes
mould moulded
moulder mouldered
moult moulted
mound mounded
mountain mountaineer
mourn mourned
mousetrap mousetrapped
mouth mouthed
muck mucked
muff muffed
mulatto mulattoes
mulch mulched
mulct mulcted
munch munched
mundane mundanely
murder murdered
murmur murmured
muscular muscularity
mush mushed
mushroom mushroomed
music musical
musket musketeer
muss mussed
muster mustered
mutual mutuality
mystic mystical
mystify mystifying
naive naively
nark narked
narrow narrowed
nation national
nationalist nationalistic
naturalist naturalistic
nauseous nauseously
need needed
neglect neglected
neighbour neighboured
nervous nervously
nest nested
nett netted
network networked
neuron neuronal
newscast newscaster
nexus nexuses
nice nicely
nick nicked
nightclub nightclubbed
nightdress nightdresses
nihilist nihilistic
nitrogen nitrogenous
nonplus nonplused
northeast northeaster
northern northerner
northwest northwester
nosed nosedive
nosh noshed
notch notched
notify notifying
notion notional
nourish nourished
nucleus nucleuses
nullify nullifying
numb numbed
number numbered
obey obeyed
object objected
objectify objectifying
oblique obliquely
obscene obscenely
obsess obsessed
obsession obsessional
obstruct obstructed
obstruction obstructionism
obtuse obtusely
obvious obviously
occasion occasional
occult occultism
occupy occupying
occur occurred
octopus octopuses
odious odiously
odor odored
odour odoured
oesophagus oesophaguses
offer offered
often oftener
ogress ogresses
oink oinked
onrush onrushes
onus onuses
onyx onyxes
opportune opportunely
opportunist opportunistic
opposite oppositely
oppress oppressed
optic optical
optimist optimistic
option optional
opus opuses
oral orally
orbit orbital
ordain ordained
order ordered
organism organismic
orgasm orgasmic
orient oriental
origin original
ornament ornamental
ornate ornately
ostrich ostriches
oust ousted
outlaw outlawed
oxygen oxygenate
pacifist pacifistic
pacify pacifying
paddock paddocked
padlock padlocked
pagan paganism
pail pailful
pails pailsful
pain pained
painful painfuller
paintbrush paintbrushes
pair paired
palaver palavered
pamper pampered
pamphlet pamphleteer
pander pandered
panel paneled
papyrus papyruses
paradox paradoxes
parallel paralleled
parboil parboiled
parch parched
pares pareses
parley parleyed
parody parodying
parquet parqueted
parrot parroted
parry parrying
partial partiality
partition partitioned
partner partnered
passion passionate
passive passively
pastor pastoral
patch patched
patent patented
paternalist paternalistic
patient patienter
patriarch patriarchal
patriot patriotic
patrol patrolled
patter pattered
pattern patterned
paunch paunches
peach peaches
peak peaked
peal pealed
pearl pearled
peccadillo peccadilloes
peck pecked
pedagog pedagogic
pedal pedaled
peel peeled
pelt pelted
pelvis pelvises
pensive pensively
pentagon pentagonal
perfection perfectionism
period periodic
perk perked
perpendicular perpendicularity
perplex perplexed
persist persisted
personify personifying
perverse perversely
pervert perverted
pessimist pessimistic
peter petered
pettifog pettifogged
phalanx phalanxes
phoenix phoenixes
phonograph phonographic
picket picketed
piggyback piggybacked
pillar pillared
pillory pillorying
pilot piloted
pimp pimped
pinch pinched
ping pinged
pinion pinioned
pink pinked
pinpoint pinpointed
pinto pintoes
pioneer pioneered
piss pissed
pitchfork pitchforked
piteous piteously
pivot pivotal
placard placarded
placid placidity
plaintive plaintively
plait plaited
plank planked
plash plashed
platform platformed
platoon platooned
platypus platypuses
playact playacted
plead pleaded
pleat pleated
plight plighted
plod plodded
plonk plonked
plop plopped
plough ploughed
plow plowed
pluck plucked
plug plugged
plumb plumbed
plummet plummeted
plump plumped
plunder plundered
plunk plunked
pluralist pluralistic
plus pluses
pock pocked
pockmark pockmarked
poetic poetical
poison poisoned
polish polished
polite politely
politico politicoes
polka polkaed
polymer polymeric
pommel pommeled
pompous pompously
pong ponged
pooch pooched
porch porches
portend portended
portent portentous
portico porticoes
portion portioned
portray portrayal
posit posited
possess possessed
potato potatoes
potent potentate
potter pottered
pouch pouched
pour poured
pout pouted
powder powdered
powwow powwowed
prayer prayerful
precious preciously
preempt preempted
preemptive preemptively
preen preened
premature prematurely
preschool preschooler
prescient presciently
press pressed
prettify prettifying
previous previously
prey preyed
prick pricked
primp primped
princess princesses
prison prisoner
private privateer
proboscis proboscises
proceed proceeded
process processed
procession processional
proctor proctored
prod prodded
product production
profess professed
profession professional
proffer proffered
profuse profusely
program programed
progress progressed
prohibit prohibited
project projected
prompt prompted
proof proofed
proofread proofreader
proper properer
prophesy prophesying
prospect prospected
prospectus prospectuses
prosper prospered
protect protected
protection protectionism
protector protectorate
protest protestant
protoplasm protoplasmic
protract protracted
provision provisional
proviso provisoes
prowl prowled
prurient pruriently
psychic psychical
psychopath psychopathic
pulp pulped
pummel pummeled
pump pumped
pungent pungently
punt punted
puppet puppeteer
purify purifying
purl purled
purloin purloined
purport purported
purr purred
pussyfoot pussyfooted
putter puttered
pyramid pyramidal
quack quacked
quadriceps quadricepses
quaff quaffed
quail quailed
qualify qualifying
quantify quantifying
quarrel quarreled
quarterback quarterbacked
quash quashed
quaver quavered
queen queened
queer queered
quell quelled
query querying
quest quested
quiescent quiescently
quiet quieted
quieten quietened
quilt quilted
quip quipped
quirk quirked
quiver quivered
quiz quizzed
rabbit rabbited
racial racialism
rack racked
racket racketed
radial radially
radish radishes
radius radiuses
raft rafted
ragged raggeder
raid raided
railroad railroaded
rally rallying
ramify ramifying
ranch ranched
rancid rancidity
rancor rancorous
rank ranked
ransack ransacked
ransom ransomed
rant ranted
rapid rapider
rarefy rarefying
rascal rascally
ratchet ratcheted
ratify ratifying
ration rational
rationalist rationalistic
raucous raucously
ravel raveled
raven ravened
ravish ravished
ready readying
realist realistic
rear reared
rebroadcast rebroadcasted
receipt receipted
recess recessed
recession recessional
reckon reckoned
reconnoiter reconnoitered
recoup recouped
recruit recruited
rectify rectifying
recur recurred
recurs recursion
redact redacted
redden reddened
redhead redheaded
redound redounded
reef reefed
reflect reflected
reflex reflexes
refract refracted
refrain refrained
refresh refreshed
regard regarded
regiment regimental
region regional
register registered
regress regressed
regret regretful
rehears rehearsal
reign reigned
reject rejected
relativist relativistic
relax relaxant
relay relayed
relent relented
relinquish relinquished
relish relished
remand remanded
remedy remedying
remember remembered
remorse remorseful
remote remotely
rendezvous rendezvoused
renown renowned
replenish replenished
reprimand reprimanded
rescind rescinded
resent resented
resin resinous
resolute resolutely
respond responded
restful restfuller
restive restively
restrict restricted
result resultant
resurrect resurrected
retain retained
retard retardant
retch retched
retort retorted
retread retreaded
retrogress retrogressed
retrospect retrospected
reveal revealed
revert reverted
revision revisionism
revolt revolted
rhinoceros rhinoceroses
rick ricked
ricochet ricocheted
riff riffed
rift rifted
right righted
righteous righteously
rigid rigidity
rigor rigorous
ring ringed
riot rioted
riotous riotously
ripe ripely
ripen ripened
risk risked
rival rivaled
rivet riveted
roach roached
roadblock roadblocked
roam roamed
roar roared
roast roasted
robot robotic
robust robuster
rocket rocketed
roger rogered
roil roiled
roister roistered
rollick rollicked
romp romped
rook rooked
room roomed
roost roosted
root rooted
rosebush rosebushes
rotten rottener
roughneck roughnecked
routine routinely
rubbish rubbished
ruck rucked
ruckus ruckuses
rude rudely
ruff ruffed
rugged ruggeder
ruinous ruinously
rumor rumored
rumour rumoured
rumpus rumpuses
rush rushed
rust rusted
sacrament sacramental
sadden saddened
sadist sadistic
safari safaried
safeguard safeguarded
saint sainted
salient saliently
sallow sallower
sally sallying
salvo salvoes
sanctify sanctifying
sanction sanctioned
sandbag sandbagged
sandbox sandboxes
sandpaper sandpapered
sandwich sandwiched
sane sanely
sanguine sanguinely
sassafras sassafrases
satisfy satisfying
sauna saunaed
saunter sauntered
savannah savannahes
savor savored
savour savoured
savvy savvying
scaffold scaffolding
scald scalded
scalp scalped
scam scammed
scant scanted
scarce scarcely
scarf scarfed
scarify scarifying
scarp scarped
scarper scarpered
scent scented
sceptic sceptical
scoff scoffed
scold scolded
scoop scooped
scoot scooted
scorch scorched
scorn scorned
scotch scotched
scour scoured
scout scouted
scowl scowled
scrawl scrawled
scream screamed
screen screened
scrimp scrimped
script scripted
scroll scrolled
scrub scrubbed
scrumptious scrumptiously
scrunch scrunched
scuba scubaed
scud scudded
scuff scuffed
sculpt sculpted
scupper scuppered
scurry scurrying
seamstress seamstresses
seat seated
sectarian sectarianism
section sectional
seem seemed
seismograph seismographer
select selected
senior seniority
sensuous sensuously
sentiment sentimental
sequester sequestered
serene serenely
serious seriously
sever several
sexual sexuality
shack shacked
shaft shafted
shag shagged
shallow shallower
shampoo shampooed
shanghai shanghaied
sharecrop sharecropped
shark sharked
sharp sharped
sharpen sharpened
shear sheared
sheer sheered
sheet sheeting
shellfish shellfishes
shelter sheltered
shepherd shepherded
shew shewed
shield shielded
shift shifted
shimmer shimmered
shimmy shimmying
shinny shinnying
shipwreck shipwrecked
shirk shirked
shirt shirted
shoal shoaled
shock shocked
shoehorn shoehorned
shoo shooed
shorten shortened
shorthand shorthanded
shoulder shouldered
shout shouted
shower showered
shred shredded
shriek shrieked
shrill shrilled
shrimp shrimped
shrivel shriveled
shroud shrouded
shrug shrugged
shuck shucked
shucks shuckses
shudder shuddered
shun shunned
shunt shunted
sicken sickened
sidestep sidestepped
sidetrack sidetracked
sift sifted
sigh sighed
sight sighted
signal signaled
signify signifying
signpost signposted
silent silenter
silver silvered
simmer simmered
sinuous sinuously
sinus sinuses
siphon siphoned
skeptic skeptical
skewer skewered
skid skidded
skill skilled
skim skimmed
skimp skimped
skip skipped
skipper skippered
skirmish skirmished
skirt skirted
skitter skittered
skulk skulked
skunk skunked
skyjack skyjacked
skylark skylarked
skyrocket skyrocketed
slab slabbed
slack slacked
slacken slackened
slag slagged
slam slammed
slander slandered
slant slanted
slash slashed
slaughter slaughtered
slaver slavered
sledgehammer sledgehammered
sleek sleeked
sleepwalk sleepwalked
sleet sleeted
slender slenderer
sleuth sleuthing
slew slewed
slick slicked
slight slighted
slink slinked
sliver slivered
slob slobbed
slobber slobbered
slosh sloshed
sloth slothful
slouch slouched
slough sloughed
slump slumped
smack smacked
smart smarted
smash smashed
smear smeared
smelt smelted
smirch smirched
smirk smirked
smock smocked
smolder smoldered
smooch smooched
smooth smoothed
smother smothered
smoulder smouldered
snack snacked
snag snagged
snail snailed
snarf snarfed
snarl snarled
snatch snatched
sneak sneaked
sneer sneered
snick snicked
sniff sniffed
snivel sniveled
snog snogged
snooker snookered
snoop snooped
snort snorted
snowplow snowplowed
snub snubbed
snug snugged
soak soaked
soar soared
sober sobered
socialist socialistic
sock socked
soften softened
soil soiled
sojourn sojourned
soldier soldiered
solemn solemner
solo soloed
sombre sombrely
somersault somersaulted
sorrow sorrowed
sough soughed
soul soulful
soundproof soundproofed
southeast southeaster
southern southerner
southwest southwester
spacious spaciously
spank spanked
spark sparked
sparse sparsely
spatial spatially
spatter spattered
spawn spawned
spay spayed
spear speared
spearhead spearheaded
specify specifying
specious speciously
speck specked
speech speeches
spellbind spellbinder
spew spewed
spiel spieled
spinal spinally
spiral spiraled
spirit spirited
splatter splattered
splay splayed
splendid splendider
splendor splendorous
splinter splintered
splosh sploshed
splotch splotched
splutter spluttered
sponsor sponsored
spoof spoofed
spook spooked
spoons spoonsful
sport sported
spotlight spotlighted
spout spouted
sprain sprained
sprawl sprawled
spray sprayed
sprig sprigged
sprint sprinted
sprout sprouted
spurious spuriously
spurn spurned
spurt spurted
sputter sputtered
spyglass spyglasses
squalid squalider
squall squalled
squander squandered
squash squashed
squawk squawked
squeak squeaked
squeal squealed
squelch squelched
squint squinted
squirm squirmed
squirt squirted
squish squished
stab stabbed
stack stacked
stagecoach stagecoaches
stagger staggered
stain stained
stalk stalked
stall stalled
stammer stammered
stamp stamped
stanch stanched
starch starched
start started
stash stashed
statement statemented
staunch staunched
stay stayed
steady steadying
steal stealing
steel steeled
steep steeped
stegosaurus stegosauruses
stench stenches
steroid steroidal
stewardess stewardesses
stiffen stiffened
stiletto stilettoes
stimulus stimuluses
stint stinted
stir stirred
stitch stitched
stolid stolider
stomp stomped
stonewall stonewalled
stoop stooped
stopper stoppered
stopwatch stopwatches
storm stormed
straighten straightened
strain strained
straitjacket straitjacketed
strand stranded
strange strangely
stratify stratifying
stray strayed
streak streaked
stream streamed
strenuous strenuously
stress stressed
stretcher stretchered
strew strewed
strident stridently
string stringed
stringent stringently
stroll strolled
strum strummed
stub stubbed
stubborn stubborner
stucco stuccoed
studious studiously
study studying
stuff stuffed
stultify stultifying
stump stumped
stupefy stupefying
stupid stupider
stutter stuttered
stylist stylistic
stylus styluses
suave suavely
subpoena subpoenaed
subsist subsisted
subtract subtracted
subvert subverted
succeed succeeded
success successes
succinct succincter
succor succored
succour succoured
succumb succumbed
suck sucked
sucker suckered
suction suctioned
sugarcoat sugarcoated
suggest suggested
sulfur sulfured
sulk sulked
sullen sullener
sully sullying
sulphur sulphured
summer summered
summon summoned
summons summonsed
sumptuous sumptuously
sunburn sunburned
sunder sundered
suntan suntanned
superb superber
superior superiority
supine supinely
supplement supplemental
supply supplying
suppress suppressant
supreme supremely
surfboard surfboarded
surfeit surfeited
surplus surplused
suspect suspected
suspend suspended
suspense suspenseful
swab swabbed
swag swagged
swagger swaggered
swallow swallowed
swamp swamped
swank swanked
swap swapped
swarm swarmed
sweeten sweetened
swell swelled
swig swigged
swill swilled
swirl swirled
swish swished
swivel swiveled
swob swobbed
swoon swooned
swoop swooped
swoosh swooshed
swop swopped
swordfish swordfishes
symbol symbolic
sync synced
synonym synonymous
tablespoon tablespoonful
tablespoons tablespoonsful
taboo tabooed
tack tacked
tact tactful
tactic tactical
tailor tailored
taint tainted
talent talented
tamp tamped
tamper tampered
tango tangoed
taper tapered
target targeted
tarry tarrying
task tasked
tassel tasseled
tattoo tattooed
taunt taunted
team teamed
teaspoon teaspoonful
teaspoons teaspoonsful
tedious tediously
teem teemed
teeter teetered
telecast telecasted
telex telexed
temperament temperamental
tenant tenanted
tend tended
tender tendered
tenuous tenuously
tepid tepidity
terminus terminuses
terrify terrifying
testify testifying
textual textually
thank thanked
thaw thawed
thermos thermoses
thesaurus thesauruses
thimble thimbleful
thirst thirsted
thought thoughtful
thrash thrashed
thresh threshed
thrill thrilled
throb throbbed
throng thronged
thrum thrummed
thrust thrusting
thud thudded
thumb thumbed
thump thumped
thwack thwacked
thwart thwarted
thyroid thyroidal
tick ticked
ticket ticketed
tidal tidally
tidy tidying
tier tiered
tigress tigresses
tilt tilted
timber timbered
timid timider
tinker tinkered
tint tinted
tired tireder
titter tittered
toady toadying
toast toasted
tobacco tobaccoes
toil toiled
toilet toileted
token tokenism
tomato tomatoes
tomb tombed
toot tooted
toothbrush toothbrushes
topaz topazes
topic topical
torment tormented
torpedo torpedoed
torpid torpidity
torrid torridity
tortuous tortuously
toss tossed
total totaled
totalitarian totalitarianism
totem totemic
totter tottered
tough toughed
toughen toughened
tour toured
tourist touristic
tout touted
towel toweled
tower towered
trademark trademarked
trammel trammeled
tramp tramped
tranquil tranquiler
transcend transcended
transcendent transcendental
transcript transcription
transgress transgressed
transient transiently
transit transited
transmogrify transmogrifying
transverse transversely
trapezoid trapezoidal
travail travailed
travel traveled
trawl trawled
tread treading
trek trekked
trend trended
trespass trespassed
tress tresses
tribal tribalism
triceratops triceratopses
trick tricked
triennial triennially
trill trilled
tripod tripodal
trite tritely
troll trolled
troop trooped
troublesome troublesomely
trowel troweled
truant truanted
truck trucked
trump trumped
trumpet trumpeted
trunk trunking
trust trusted
tryst trysted
tuck tucked
tucker tuckered
tumor tumorous
tunnel tunneled
turban turbaned
turf turfed
turgid turgidity
turret turreted
turtleneck turtlenecked
tusk tusked
tutor tutored
tuxedo tuxedoes
twang twanged
tweak tweaked
tweet tweeted
twill twilled
twirl twirled
twist twisted
twitter twittered
typecast typecasting
typify typifying
tyrannosaurus tyrannosauruses
ulcer ulcerate
upbraid upbraided
upchuck upchucked
uphold upholder
uplift uplifted
uproot uprooted
upstart upstarted
upturn upturned
urgent urgently
usher ushered
usual usually
uterus uteruses
utilitarian utilitarianism
vacuous vacuously
vacuum vacuumed
vague vaguely
valet valeted
valid validate
valor valorous
vamp vamped
vanish vanished
vanquish vanquished
vapid vapidity
various variously
varnish varnished
vary varying
vault vaulted
vaunt vaunted
vector vectored
veer veered
vegetarian vegetarianism
vehement vehemently
veil veiled
vein veined
venal venality
vend vended
veneer veneered
venom venomous
vent vented
verify verifying
versify versifying
version versioned
vertex vertexes
veto vetoed
vicious viciously
view viewed
vigor vigorous
vile vilely
vilify vilifying
violent violently
virgin virginal
virtuoso virtuosoes
virtuous virtuously
virus viruses
visa visaed
visit visitant
vitriol vitriolic
vivid vivider
vivify vivifying
vocal vocalic
volcano volcanoes
volunteer volunteered
vomit vomited
voodoo voodooed
vortex vortexes
vouch vouched
vulgar vulgarer
waft wafted
wager wagered
wagon wagoner
wail wailed
wait waited
waitress waitresses
waken wakened
wallop walloped
wallow wallowed
wallpaper wallpapered
walrus walruses
waltz waltzed
want wanted
wanton wantoned
ward warded
warn warned
warrant warranted
wassail wassailed
waterproof waterproofed
waver wavered
waylay waylayer
wean weaned
weapon weaponize
wearisome wearisomely
weary wearying
weasel weaseled
weatherproof weatherproofed
weatherstrip weatherstripped
weekend weekended
weight weighted
welch welched
well welled
welsh welshed
welt welted
welter weltered
wend wended
western westerner
whack whacked
wham whammed
whelk whelked
whelm whelmed
whelp whelped
wherewith wherewithal
whiff whiffed
whiplash whiplashes
whirl whirled
whirr whirred
whisk whisked
whisker whiskered
whisper whispered
whiten whitened
whitewash whitewashed
wholesome wholesomely
whoop whooped
whoosh whooshed
whop whopped
wick wicked
wide widely
widen widened
widow widowed
wield wielded
wilt wilted
wimp wimped
windmill windmilled
window windowed
wink winked
winnow winnowed
winter wintered
wireless wirelesses
wiretap wiretapped
wisecrack wisecracked
withdraw withdrawal
wither withered
withhold withholding
withstand withstanding
woeful woefuller
wolf wolfed
wonder wondered
wondrous wondrously
wont wonted
wooden woodener
woodwork woodworker
woof woofed
workbench workbenches
worm wormed
worry worrying
worsen worsened
worship worshiped
worst worsted
wound wounded
wrack wracked
wrath wrathful
wreak wreaked
wrest wrested
wretch wretched
wristwatch wristwatches
yacht yachted
yack yacked
yammer yammered
yank yanked
yawn yawned
yearn yearned
yell yelled
yellow yellowed
yelp yelped
yield yielded
yodel yodeled
yolk yolked
youth youthful
yowl yowled
yuck yucked
zealous zealously
zero zeroed
zest zestful
zigzag zigzagged
zinc zinced
zing zinged
zipper zippered
zoom zoomed